Prometheus for database (#787)
ovh/terraform-provider-ovh: website/docs/r/cloud_project_database_mongodb_prometheus.html.markdown

---
subcategory : "Managed Databases"
---

# ovh_cloud_project_database_mongodb_prometheus

Creates a prometheus for a MongoDB cluster associated with a public cloud project.

## Example Usage

Create a Prometheus for a database.
Output the prometheus user generated password with command `terraform output prom_password`.

```hcl
data "ovh_cloud_project_database" "mongodb" {
  service_name  = "XXX"
  engine        = "mongodb"
  id            = "ZZZ"
}

resource "ovh_cloud_project_database_mongodb_prometheus" "prometheus" {
  service_name  = data.ovh_cloud_project_database.mongodb.service_name
  cluster_id    = data.ovh_cloud_project_database.mongodb.id
}

output "prom_password" {
  value     = ovh_cloud_project_database_mongodb_prometheus.prometheus.password
  sensitive = true
}
```

-> __NOTE__ To reset password of the prometheus user previously created, update the `password_reset` attribute.
Use the `terraform refresh` command after executing `terraform apply` to update the output with the new password.

> This attribute can be an arbitratry string but we recomand 2 formats:
> - a datetime to keep a trace of the last reset
> - a md5 of another variables to automaticaly triger it based on this variable update

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This attribute can be an arbitrary string but we recommend 2 formats:
- a datetime to keep a trace of the last reset
- a md5 of other variables to automatically trigger it based on this variable update

```
